hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we'll be
talking about the 2003 film Terminator 3
rise the machines so let's get started
the summary relies heavily on knowledge
of the previous films if you haven't
seen them already check out my spoilers
in the links below the film opens with
John Connor living off the grid in Los
Angeles after the death of his mother
Sarah from leukemia
even though Judgment Day the mass
destruction of human lives for the
machines was avoided John still believes
that the war will happen between the
humans and the machines the future
Skynet which apparently still exists
unable to locate where John is hiding in
the past sends back a new Terminator
called the TX to the year 2004 in order
to kill other members of the human
resistance the TX has similar liquid
metal properties of the t1000 from the
second film and also has advanced
built-in weaponry as well as the ability
to reprogram other machines in response
the future human resistance sends back a
reprogrammed terminator to protect John
Connor and his future wife Kate Brewster
however at the beginning of the film
Kate and John do not know each other the
Terminator looks just like the
terminators from the previous films once
again played by Arnold Schwarzenegger
after killing several targets the TX
locates Kate and John but they escaped
with the terminators health the
Terminator takes Kate and John to a
mausoleum where John's mother Sarah
Connor is bury however in her vault they
find a massive weapons cache a shootout
takes place with the police and they all
escape in a hearse The Terminator plans
on taking John and Kade to Mexico in
order to escape the fallout of the new
Judgment Day which actually is supposed
to happen that same day it appears as
though that Judgment Day is inevitable
and all that happened in the second film
was they merely pushed the Judgment Day
back further
John orders the Terminator to take them
to see Kate's father a lieutenant
general overseeing the building of
Skynet after Cyberdyne systems went to
funked at first the Terminator resists
John's
orders but follows through when Kate
gives the same order is revealed that
John is killed on July 4th 2032 by the
same Terminator robot and that the
future Kate is actually who reprogrammed
the Terminator and sent him back in time
Kate's father is pressured by the
President to activate Skynet in order to
stop a computer virus that is spreading
all throughout the world little do they
realize the viruses actually Skynet
itself John and Kate are too late to
stop Skynet's activation and the
machines begin to kill staff members and
the TX also arrives and begins fighting
the general gives Kate and John a
codebook for the location of Skynet
score system in order to disable Skynet
John and Kate make a run for an airplane
at the base while the Terminator is
severely damaged by TX John and Kate are
able to escape however and reach Chrissa
peak where the Skynet core is located as
they arrive however the TX and the
Terminator also arrive and they begin to
battle the Terminator is able to crush
the TX as John and Kate run into the
bunker the Terminator holds the blasters
open long enough for John and Kate to
lock themselves in then the Terminator
uses the fuel cells to destroy the TX
and himself Kate and John discover
however that Crystal peak is not a site
for Skynet score but instead is a
nuclear fallout shelter the general
tricked them in order to protect his
daughter Kate as well as John as
judgement day begins to happen outside
of the bunker with nuclear missiles
being detonated all around them killing
billions the film ends with Kate and
John answering radio calls on the
emergency equipment knowing that the war
with the machines has truly begun so
that was the spoilers for Terminator 3
rise the machines if you have a film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below check out
movie's spoiler alerts on our various
forms of social media listed below and
remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching